Feature/docker odoo (#1)
focusate/docker-odoo: README.rst

Odoo Docker
===========

> This docker has Odoo v14 community installed. To build image from Dockerfile, use command (while in specific Dockerfile directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This docker includes Odoo v14 community installation. To build image from Dockerfile, use command (while in specific Dockerfile directory):
```

:code:`docker build --tag my-tag .`

> For instruction how to include Odoo Enterprise, read :code:`ENTERPRISE.txt` in :code:`src` directory.

Reviewer: Could include Contributors section.
